////Ligamenta

Given	I'm logged-in with valid credentials
And	I'm on Page 06 - Labrum & Ribbons of Shoulder MRI
When I select the radio button 'Finding'
Then 'Finding' dropdown menu is enabled
When I select 'Ligamenta' from the Finding dropdown
Then 'Add new finding' button is enabled

And 'Characterization I' tab is enabled and preselected
And 'Characterization II' tab is enabled

And 'Lig. glenohumerale superior (SGHL)' checkbox is enabled
And 'Lig. glenohumerale medium (MGHL)' checkbox is enabled
And 'Lig. glenohumerale inferior (IGHL)' checkbox is enabled
And 'Lig. coracohumerale' checkbox is enabled
And 'Lig. coracoacromiale' checkbox is enabled
And 'Lig. coracoclaviculare' checkbox is enabled
And 'Lig. humeri transversum' checkbox is enabled
And 'Lig. semicirculare humeri („rotator cable“)' checkbox is enabled
And 'Serial number' input field is enabled
And 'Image number' input field is enabled
And 'Import reference image' image uploader field is enabled

When I select 'Lig. glenohumerale superior (SGHL)' checkbox
Then 'Pulley-lesion type 1: isolated ligament lesion' radio button is enabled
And 'Pulley-lesion type 2: Rupture SSP ventral and articular' radio button is enabled
And 'Pulley-lesion type 3: Rupture SSC cranial and articular' radio button is enabled
And 'Pulley-lesion type 4: combination of Pulley 2 & 3' radio button is enabled

When I select 'Lig. glenohumerale medium (MGHL)' checkbox
Then 'Duplicated (bifide) MGHL' checkbox is enabled

When I select 'Lig. glenohumerale inferior (IGHL)' checkbox
Then 'Previous' checkbox is enabled
And 'Back' checkbox is enabled
And 'Humeral (HAGL lesion)' radio button is enabled
And 'Glenoidal (GAGL lesion)' radio button is enabled
When I select 'Glenoidal (GAGL lesion)' radio button
Then 'Bony Avulsion' checkbox is enabled

When I select 'Lig. coracohumerale' checkbox
Then 'Media' checkbox is enabled
And 'Lateral' checkbox is enabled


When I select 'Characterization II' tab
And I select 'Lig. glenohumerale' checkbox
Then 'Superior (SGHL)' checkbox is enabled
And 'Medium (MGHL)'checkbox is enabled
And 'Inferior (IGHL)' checkbox is enabled

When I select 'Superior (SGHL)' checkbox
Then 'Missing/hypo plastic MGHL' checkbox is enabled

When I select 'Medium (MGHL)' checkbox
Then 'Buford Complex' checkbox is enabled
